NAME                                                                          VERSION                                      TYPE         
1to2                                                                          1.0.0                                        npm           
@kasmtech/novnc                                                               1.3.0                                        npm           
@socket.io/component-emitter                                                  3.1.0                                        npm           
@types/cookie                                                                 0.4.1                                        npm           
@types/cors                                                                   2.8.17                                       npm           
@types/node                                                                   20.11.16                                     npm           
HelloWorld                                                                                                                 java-archive  
Highlight                                                                                                                  java-archive  
MemoryUsage                                                                                                                java-archive  
ScriptFramework                                                                                                            java-archive  
ScriptProviderForJava                                                                                                      java-archive  
ScriptProviderForJavaScript                                                                                                java-archive  
US_export_policy                                                                                                           java-archive  
XMergeBridge                                                                                                               java-archive  
accepts                                                                       1.3.8                                        npm           
ada-libs                                                                      2.7.4-r0                                     apk           
alpine-baselayout                                                             3.4.3-r2                                     apk           
alpine-baselayout-data                                                        3.4.3-r2                                     apk           
alpine-keys                                                                   2.4-r1                                       apk           
alpine-release                                                                3.19.1-r0                                    apk           
alsa-lib                                                                      1.2.10-r0                                    apk           
ansi-styles                                                                   4.3.0                                        npm           
anyhow                                                                        1.0.71                                       rust-crate    
anyhow                                                                        1.0.75                                       rust-crate    
aom-libs                                                                      3.7.1-r0                                     apk           
apk-tools                                                                     2.14.0-r5                                    apk           
arg_enum_proc_macro                                                           0.3.2                                        rust-crate    
array-flatten                                                                 1.1.1                                        npm           
arrayvec                                                                      0.7.2                                        rust-crate    
async                                                                         3.2.5                                        npm           
at-spi2-core                                                                  2.50.1-r0                                    apk           
av-metrics                                                                    0.9.0                                        rust-crate    
av1-grain                                                                     0.2.2                                        rust-crate    
avahi-libs                                                                    0.8-r13                                      apk           
balanced-match                                                                1.0.2                                        npm           
base64id                                                                      2.0.0                                        npm           
bash                                                                          5.2.21-r0                                    apk           
bindings                                                                      1.5.0                                        npm           
bitflags                                                                      1.3.2                                        rust-crate    
bitstream-io                                                                  1.6.0                                        rust-crate    
bitstream-io                                                                  1.7.0                                        rust-crate    
bitvec                                                                        1.0.1                                        rust-crate    
bitvec_helpers                                                                3.1.2                                        rust-crate    
body-parser                                                                   1.20.1                                       npm           
boost1.82-iostreams                                                           1.82.0-r3                                    apk           
boost1.82-locale                                                              1.82.0-r3                                    apk           
boost1.82-program_options                                                     1.82.0-r3                                    apk           
boost1.82-python3                                                             1.82.0-r3                                    apk           
boost1.82-thread                                                              1.82.0-r3                                    apk           
box2d                                                                         2.4.1-r2                                     apk           
brace-expansion                                                               1.1.11                                       npm           
brace-expansion                                                               2.0.1                                        npm           
brotli-libs                                                                   1.1.0-r1                                     apk           
busybox                                                                       1.36.1-r15                                   apk           
busybox-binsh                                                                 1.36.1-r15                                   apk           
bytes                                                                         3.1.2                                        npm           
c-ares                                                                        1.24.0-r1                                    apk           
ca-certificates                                                               20230506-r0                                  apk           
ca-certificates-bundle                                                        20230506-r0                                  apk           
cairo                                                                         1.18.0-r0                                    apk           
cairo-gobject                                                                 1.18.0-r0                                    apk           
call-bind                                                                     1.0.5                                        npm           
cdparanoia-libs                                                               10.2-r14                                     apk           
cfg-if                                                                        1.0.0                                        rust-crate    
chalk                                                                         4.1.2                                        npm           
charsets                                                                                                                   java-archive  
cjson                                                                         1.7.17-r0                                    apk           
clap                                                                          4.0.32                                       rust-crate    
clap_complete                                                                 4.0.7                                        rust-crate    
clap_derive                                                                   4.0.21                                       rust-crate    
clap_lex                                                                      0.3.0                                        rust-crate    
cldrdata                                                                                                                   java-archive  
cloud.google.com/go/compute/metadata                                          v0.2.3                                       go-module     
cloud.google.com/go/logging                                                   v1.7.0                                       go-module     
cloud.google.com/go/longrunning                                               v0.5.1                                       go-module     
clucene                                                                       2.3.3.4-r21                                  apk           
clucene-contribs                                                              2.3.3.4-r21                                  apk           
code.cloudfoundry.org/clock                                                   v1.0.0                                       go-module     
color-convert                                                                 2.0.1                                        npm           
color-name                                                                    1.1.4                                        npm           
commonwizards                                                                                                              java-archive  
concat-map                                                                    0.0.1                                        npm           
console                                                                       0.15.5                                       rust-crate    
containerd                                                                    1.7.10-r0                                    apk           
content-disposition                                                           0.5.4                                        npm           
content-type                                                                  1.0.5                                        npm           
cookie                                                                        0.4.2                                        npm           
cookie                                                                        0.5.0                                        npm           
cookie-signature                                                              1.0.6                                        npm           
coreutils                                                                     9.4-r2                                       apk           
coreutils-env                                                                 9.4-r2                                       apk           
coreutils-fmt                                                                 9.4-r2                                       apk           
coreutils-sha512sum                                                           9.4-r2                                       apk           
cors                                                                          2.8.5                                        npm           
crc                                                                           3.0.1                                        rust-crate    
crc-catalog                                                                   2.2.0                                        rust-crate    
crossbeam                                                                     0.8.2                                        rust-crate    
crossbeam-channel                                                             0.5.8                                        rust-crate    
crossbeam-deque                                                               0.8.3                                        rust-crate    
crossbeam-epoch                                                               0.9.14                                       rust-crate    
crossbeam-queue                                                               0.3.8                                        rust-crate    
crossbeam-utils                                                               0.8.15                                       rust-crate    
cups                                                                          2.4.7-r0                                     apk           
cups-client                                                                   2.4.7-r0                                     apk           
cups-libs                                                                     2.4.7-r0                                     apk           
cups-pdf                                                                      3.0.1-r1                                     apk           
curl                                                                          8.5.0-r0                                     apk           
dario.cat/mergo                                                               v1.0.0                                       go-module     
dbus                                                                          1.14.10-r0                                   apk           
dbus-daemon-launch-helper                                                     1.14.10-r0                                   apk           
dbus-libs                                                                     1.14.10-r0                                   apk           
dbus-x11                                                                      1.14.10-r0                                   apk           
debug                                                                         2.6.9                                        npm           
debug                                                                         4.3.4                                        npm           
define-data-property                                                          1.1.1                                        npm           
depd                                                                          2.0.0                                        npm           
desktop-file-utils                                                            0.27-r0                                      apk           
destroy                                                                       1.2.0                                        npm           
directfb                                                                      1.7.7-r7                                     apk           
dnsns                                                                                                                      java-archive  
docker                                                                        25.0.2-r0                                    apk           
docker-cli                                                                    25.0.2-r0                                    apk           
docker-cli-buildx                                                             0.12.0-r0                                    apk           
docker-cli-compose                                                            2.23.3-r0                                    apk           
docker-engine                                                                 25.0.2-r0                                    apk           
dolby_vision                                                                  3.2.0                                        rust-crate    
ee-first                                                                      1.1.1                                        npm           
either                                                                        1.8.1                                        rust-crate    
ejs                                                                           3.1.9                                        npm           
encodeurl                                                                     1.0.2                                        npm           
encodings                                                                     1.0.7-r1                                     apk           
engine.io                                                                     6.5.4                                        npm           
engine.io-parser                                                              5.2.1                                        npm           
es-errors                                                                     1.0.0                                        npm           
escape-html                                                                   1.0.3                                        npm           
etag                                                                          1.8.1                                        npm           
eudev-libs                                                                    3.2.14-r0                                    apk           
exo-libs                                                                      4.18.0-r3                                    apk           
express                                                                       4.18.2                                       npm           
faac                                                                          1.30-r5                                      apk           
fdk-aac                                                                       2.0.2-r4                                     apk           
fern                                                                          0.6.2                                        rust-crate    
ffmpeg                                                                        6.1.1-r0                                     apk           
ffmpeg-libavcodec                                                             6.1.1-r0                                     apk           
ffmpeg-libavdevice                                                            6.1.1-r0                                     apk           
ffmpeg-libavfilter                                                            6.1.1-r0                                     apk           
ffmpeg-libavformat                                                            6.1.1-r0                                     apk           
ffmpeg-libavutil                                                              6.1.1-r0                                     apk           
ffmpeg-libpostproc                                                            6.1.1-r0                                     apk           
ffmpeg-libswresample                                                          6.1.1-r0                                     apk           
ffmpeg-libswscale                                                             6.1.1-r0                                     apk           
fftw-single-libs                                                              3.3.10-r5                                    apk           
file-uri-to-path                                                              1.0.0                                        npm           
filelist                                                                      1.0.4                                        npm           
finalhandler                                                                  1.2.0                                        npm           
flite                                                                         2.2-r2                                       apk           
flow-engine                                                                                                                java-archive  
flute                                                                         1.1.6                                        java-archive  
font-dejavu                                                                   2.37-r5                                      apk           
font-liberation                                                               2.1.5-r2                                     apk           
font-noto                                                                     23.7.1-r0                                    apk           
font-noto-common                                                              23.7.1-r0                                    apk           
font-noto-math                                                                23.7.1-r0                                    apk           
font-noto-symbols                                                             23.7.1-r0                                    apk           
fontconfig                                                                    2.14.2-r4                                    apk           
form                                                                                                                       java-archive  
forwarded                                                                     0.2.0                                        npm           
freetype                                                                      2.13.2-r0                                    apk           
fresh                                                                         0.5.2                                        npm           
fribidi                                                                       1.0.13-r0                                    apk           
function-bind                                                                 1.1.2                                        npm           
funty                                                                         2.0.0                                        rust-crate    
fuse-common                                                                   3.16.2-r0                                    apk           
fuse-overlayfs                                                                1.13-r0                                      apk           
fuse3                                                                         3.16.2-r0                                    apk           
fuse3-libs                                                                    3.16.2-r0                                    apk           
gcompat                                                                       1.1.0-r4                                     apk           
gdbm                                                                          1.23-r1                                      apk           
gdk-pixbuf                                                                    2.42.10-r6                                   apk           
get-intrinsic                                                                 1.2.3                                        npm           
getrandom                                                                     0.2.9                                        rust-crate    
giflib                                                                        5.2.1-r5                                     apk           
github.com/AlecAivazis/survey/v2                                              v2.3.7                                       go-module     
github.com/Graylog2/go-gelf                                                   v0.0.0-20191017102106-1550ee647df0           go-module     
github.com/Masterminds/semver/v3                                              v3.2.1                                       go-module     
github.com/Microsoft/hcsshim                                                  v0.11.4                                      go-module     
github.com/RackSec/srslog                                                     v0.0.0-20180709174129-a4725f04ec91           go-module     
github.com/agext/levenshtein                                                  v1.2.3                                       go-module     
github.com/anchore/go-struct-converter                                        v0.0.0-20221118182256-c68fdcfa2092           go-module     
github.com/apparentlymart/go-cidr                                             v1.0.1                                       go-module     
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v15                                      v15.0.0                                      go-module     
github.com/armon/circbuf                                                      v0.0.0-20190214190532-5111143e8da2           go-module     
github.com/armon/go-metrics                                                   v0.4.1                                       go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2                                                  v1.17.6                                      go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/config                                           v1.18.16                                     go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/credentials                                      v1.13.16                                     go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/feature/ec2/imds                                 v1.12.24                                     go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/configsources                           v1.1.30                                      go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/endpoints/v2                            v2.4.24                                      go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/ini                                     v1.3.31                                      go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/cloudwatchlogs                           v1.15.17                                     go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/internal/presigned-url                   v1.9.24                                      go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sso                                      v1.12.5                                      go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/ssooidc                                  v1.14.5                                      go-module     
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sts                                      v1.18.6                                      go-module     
github.com/aws/smithy-go                                                      v1.13.5                                      go-module     
github.com/beorn7/perks                                                       v1.0.1                                       go-module     
github.com/blang/semver/v4                                                    v4.0.0                                       go-module     
github.com/buger/goterm                                                       v1.0.4                                       go-module     
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                v4.2.0                                       go-module     
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                v4.2.1                                       go-module     
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                                  v2.2.0                                       go-module     
github.com/checkpoint-restore/go-criu/v5                                      v5.3.0                                       go-module     
github.com/cilium/ebpf                                                        v0.11.0                                      go-module     
github.com/cilium/ebpf                                                        v0.7.0                                       go-module     
github.com/cilium/ebpf                                                        v0.9.1                                       go-module     
github.com/cloudflare/cfssl                                                   v1.6.4                                       go-module     
github.com/compose-spec/compose-go                                            v1.20.0                                      go-module     
github.com/compose-spec/compose-go                                            v1.20.2                                      go-module     
github.com/container-orchestrated-devices/container-device-interface          v0.5.4                                       go-module     
github.com/container-storage-interface/spec                                   v1.5.0                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/aufs                                                    v1.0.0                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/btrfs/v2                                                v2.0.0                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/cgroups                                                 v1.1.0                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/cgroups/v3                                              v3.0.2                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/cgroups/v3                                              v3.0.3                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/console                                                 v1.0.3                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              (devel)                                      go-module     
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.7.12                                      go-module     
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.7.7                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/continuity                                              v0.4.2                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/fifo                                                    v1.1.0                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/go-cni                                                  v1.1.9                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/go-runc                                                 v1.0.0                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/go-runc                                                 v1.1.0                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/imgcrypt                                                v1.1.7                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/log                                                     v0.1.0                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/nri                                                     v0.4.0                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/nydus-snapshotter                                       v0.8.2                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/stargz-snapshotter/estargz                              v0.14.3                                      go-module     
github.com/containerd/ttrpc                                                   v1.2.2                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/typeurl                                                 v1.0.2                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/typeurl/v2                                              v2.1.1                                       go-module     
github.com/containerd/zfs                                                     v1.1.0                                       go-module     
github.com/containernetworking/cni                                            v1.1.2                                       go-module     
github.com/containernetworking/plugins                                        v1.2.0                                       go-module     
github.com/containers/ocicrypt                                                v1.1.6                                       go-module     
github.com/coreos/go-systemd/v22                                              v22.3.2                                      go-module     
github.com/coreos/go-systemd/v22                                              v22.5.0                                      go-module     
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.0-20190314233015-f79a8a8ca69d           go-module     
github.com/cyphar/filepath-securejoin                                         v0.2.4                                       go-module     
github.com/davecgh/go-spew                                                    v1.1.1                                       go-module     
github.com/deckarep/golang-set/v2                                             v2.3.0                                       go-module     
github.com/dimchansky/utfbom                                                  v1.1.1                                       go-module     
github.com/distribution/reference                                             v0.5.0                                       go-module     
github.com/docker/buildx                                                      (devel)                                      go-module     
github.com/docker/buildx                                                      v0.12.0                                      go-module     
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v24.0.5+incompatible                         go-module     
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v24.0.7+incompatible                         go-module     
github.com/docker/cli-docs-tool                                               v0.6.0                                       go-module     
github.com/docker/cli/cmd/docker                                              (devel)                                      go-module     
github.com/docker/compose/v2                                                  (devel)                                      go-module     
github.com/docker/distribution                                                v2.8.2+incompatible                          go-module     
github.com/docker/distribution                                                v2.8.3+incompatible                          go-module     
github.com/docker/docker                                                      (devel)                                      go-module     
github.com/docker/docker                                                      v24.0.5+incompatible                         go-module     
github.com/docker/docker                                                      v24.0.7+incompatible                         go-module     
github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers                                   v0.7.0                                       go-module     
github.com/docker/go                                                          v1.5.1-1.0.20160303222718-d30aec9fd63c       go-module     
github.com/docker/go-connections                                              v0.4.0                                       go-module     
github.com/docker/go-connections                                              v0.5.0                                       go-module     
github.com/docker/go-events                                                   v0.0.0-20190806004212-e31b211e4f1c           go-module     
github.com/docker/go-metrics                                                  v0.0.1                                       go-module     
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.4.0                                       go-module     
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.5.0                                       go-module     
github.com/docker/libtrust                                                    v0.0.0-20150526203908-9cbd2a1374f4           go-module     
github.com/dustin/go-humanize                                                 v1.0.0                                       go-module     
github.com/emicklei/go-restful/v3                                             v3.10.1                                      go-module     
github.com/felixge/httpsnoop                                                  v1.0.3                                       go-module     
github.com/felixge/httpsnoop                                                  v1.0.4                                       go-module     
github.com/fernet/fernet-go                                                   v0.0.0-20211208181803-9f70042a33ee           go-module     
github.com/fluent/fluent-logger-golang                                        v1.9.0                                       go-module     
github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify                                                  v1.6.0                                       go-module     
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                 v1.0.1                                       go-module     
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                 v1.0.2                                       go-module     
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.2.3                                       go-module     
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.2.4                                       go-module     
github.com/go-logr/stdr                                                       v1.2.2                                       go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/jsonpointer                                             v0.19.5                                      go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/jsonreference                                           v0.20.0                                      go-module     
github.com/go-openapi/swag                                                    v0.19.14                                     go-module     
github.com/godbus/dbus/v5                                                     v5.0.6                                       go-module     
github.com/godbus/dbus/v5                                                     v5.1.0                                       go-module     
github.com/gofrs/flock                                                        v0.8.1                                       go-module     
github.com/gogo/googleapis                                                    v1.4.1                                       go-module     
github.com/gogo/protobuf                                                      v1.3.2                                       go-module     
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                                                  v4.4.2                                       go-module     
github.com/golang/gddo                                                        v0.0.0-20190904175337-72a348e765d2           go-module     
github.com/golang/groupcache                                                  v0.0.0-20210331224755-41bb18bfe9da           go-module     
github.com/golang/mock                                                        v1.6.0                                       go-module     
github.com/golang/protobuf                                                    v1.5.3                                       go-module     
github.com/google/btree                                                       v1.1.2                                       go-module     
github.com/google/certificate-transparency-go                                 v1.1.4                                       go-module     
github.com/google/gnostic                                                     v0.5.7-v3refs                                go-module     
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.5.9                                       go-module     
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.6.0                                       go-module     
github.com/google/gofuzz                                                      v1.2.0                                       go-module     
github.com/google/s2a-go                                                      v0.1.4                                       go-module     
github.com/google/shlex                                                       v0.0.0-20191202100458-e7afc7fbc510           go-module     
github.com/google/uuid                                                        v1.3.0                                       go-module     
github.com/google/uuid                                                        v1.5.0                                       go-module     
github.com/googleapis/enterprise-certificate-proxy                            v0.2.3                                       go-module     
github.com/googleapis/gax-go/v2                                               v2.11.0                                      go-module     
github.com/gorilla/mux                                                        v1.8.0                                       go-module     
github.com/gorilla/mux                                                        v1.8.1                                       go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-middleware                                  v1.3.0                                       go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-prometheus                                  v1.2.0                                       go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2                                     v2.11.3                                      go-module     
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2                                     v2.16.0                                      go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/errwrap                                                  v1.1.0                                       go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp                                             v0.5.2                                       go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-cty-funcs                                             v0.0.0-20230405223818-a090f58aa992           go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix                                       v1.3.1                                       go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-memdb                                                 v1.3.2                                       go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-msgpack                                               v0.5.5                                       go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror                                            v1.1.1                                       go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-sockaddr                                              v1.0.2                                       go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/go-version                                               v1.6.0                                       go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru                                               v0.5.4                                       go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/hcl/v2                                                   v2.19.1                                      go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/memberlist                                               v0.4.0                                       go-module     
github.com/hashicorp/serf                                                     v0.8.5                                       go-module     
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.13                                      go-module     
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.16                                      go-module     
github.com/in-toto/in-toto-golang                                             v0.5.0                                       go-module     
github.com/intel/goresctrl                                                    v0.3.0                                       go-module     
github.com/ishidawataru/sctp                                                  v0.0.0-20230406120618-7ff4192f6ff2           go-module     
github.com/jmoiron/sqlx                                                       v1.3.3                                       go-module     
github.com/jonboulle/clockwork                                                v0.4.0                                       go-module     
github.com/josharian/intern                                                   v1.0.0                                       go-module     
github.com/json-iterator/go                                                   v1.1.12                                      go-module     
github.com/kballard/go-shellquote                                             v0.0.0-20180428030007-95032a82bc51           go-module     
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.16.0                                      go-module     
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.16.3                                      go-module     
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.16.5                                      go-module     
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.17.4                                      go-module     
github.com/klauspost/cpuid/v2                                                 v2.0.4                                       go-module     
github.com/mailru/easyjson                                                    v0.7.6                                       go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-colorable                                                 v0.1.13                                      go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-isatty                                                    v0.0.17                                      go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-runewidth                                                 v0.0.14                                      go-module     
github.com/mattn/go-shellwords                                                v1.0.12                                      go-module     
github.com/matttproud/golang_protobuf_extensions                              v1.0.4                                       go-module     
github.com/mgutz/ansi                                                         v0.0.0-20170206155736-9520e82c474b           go-module     
github.com/miekg/dns                                                          v1.1.43                                      go-module     
github.com/miekg/pkcs11                                                       v1.1.1                                       go-module     
github.com/minio/sha256-simd                                                  v1.0.0                                       go-module     
github.com/mistifyio/go-zfs/v3                                                v3.0.1                                       go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/copystructure                                            v1.2.0                                       go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/go-wordwrap                                              v0.0.0-20150314170334-ad45545899c7           go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/hashstructure/v2                                         v2.0.2                                       go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure                                             v1.5.0                                       go-module     
github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk                                              v1.0.2                                       go-module     
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                      v0.12.5                                      go-module     
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                      v0.13.0-beta1.0.20231023114302-d5c1d785b042  go-module     
github.com/moby/ipvs                                                          v1.1.0                                       go-module     
github.com/moby/locker                                                        v1.0.1                                       go-module     
github.com/moby/patternmatcher                                                v0.6.0                                       go-module     
github.com/moby/pubsub                                                        v1.0.0                                       go-module     
github.com/moby/spdystream                                                    v0.2.0                                       go-module     
github.com/moby/swarmkit/v2                                                   v2.0.0-20230911190601-f082dd7a0cee           go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/mount                                                     v0.3.3                                       go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.5.0                                       go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.6.2                                       go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.7.1                                       go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/sequential                                                v0.5.0                                       go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/signal                                                    v0.7.0                                       go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/symlink                                                   v0.2.0                                       go-module     
github.com/moby/sys/user                                                      v0.1.0                                       go-module     
github.com/moby/term                                                          v0.5.0                                       go-module     
github.com/modern-go/concurrent                                               v0.0.0-20180306012644-bacd9c7ef1dd           go-module     
github.com/modern-go/reflect2                                                 v1.0.2                                       go-module     
github.com/morikuni/aec                                                       v1.0.0                                       go-module     
github.com/mrunalp/fileutils                                                  v0.5.1                                       go-module     
github.com/munnerz/goautoneg                                                  v0.0.0-20191010083416-a7dc8b61c822           go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/go-digest                                           v1.0.0                                       go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.1.0-rc2.0.20221005185240-3a7f492d3f1b     go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.1.0-rc5                                   go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                (devel)                                      go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.12                                      go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.5                                       go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.9                                       go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.0.3-0.20210326190908-1c3f411f0417         go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.1.0                                       go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.1.0-rc.1                                  go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-tools                                       v0.9.1-0.20221107090550-2e043c6bd626         go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.10.0                                      go-module     
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.11.0                                      go-module     
github.com/package-url/packageurl-go                                          v0.1.1-0.20220428063043-89078438f170         go-module     
github.com/pelletier/go-toml                                                  v1.9.5                                       go-module     
github.com/philhofer/fwd                                                      v1.1.2                                       go-module     
github.com/pkg/errors                                                         v0.9.1                                       go-module     
github.com/pmezard/go-difflib                                                 v1.0.0                                       go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.14.0                                      go-module     
github.com/prometheus/client_model                                            v0.3.0                                       go-module     
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.37.0                                      go-module     
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.42.0                                      go-module     
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.8.0                                       go-module     
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.9.0                                       go-module     
github.com/rivo/uniseg                                                        v0.2.0                                       go-module     
github.com/rootless-containers/rootlesskit/v2                                 v2.0.0                                       go-module     
github.com/russross/blackfriday/v2                                            v2.0.1                                       go-module     
github.com/sean-/seed                                                         v0.0.0-20170313163322-e2103e2c3529           go-module     
github.com/seccomp/libseccomp-golang                                          v0.9.2-0.20220502022130-f33da4d89646         go-module     
github.com/secure-systems-lab/go-securesystemslib                             v0.4.0                                       go-module     
github.com/serialx/hashring                                                   v0.0.0-20190422032157-8b2912629002           go-module     
github.com/shibumi/go-pathspec                                                v1.3.0                                       go-module     
github.com/shurcooL/sanitized_anchor_name                                     v1.0.0                                       go-module     
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.8.1                                       go-module     
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.9.3                                       go-module     
github.com/spdx/tools-golang                                                  v0.5.1                                       go-module     
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.7.0                                       go-module     
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.8.0                                       go-module     
github.com/spf13/pflag                                                        v1.0.5                                       go-module     
github.com/stefanberger/go-pkcs11uri                                          v0.0.0-20201008174630-78d3cae3a980           go-module     
github.com/stretchr/testify                                                   v1.8.4                                       go-module     
github.com/syndtr/gocapability                                                v0.0.0-20200815063812-42c35b437635           go-module     
github.com/tchap/go-patricia/v2                                               v2.3.1                                       go-module     
github.com/theupdateframework/notary                                          v0.7.0                                       go-module     
github.com/tilt-dev/fsnotify                                                  v1.4.8-0.20220602155310-fff9c274a375         go-module     
github.com/tinylib/msgp                                                       v1.1.8                                       go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/fsutil                                                  v0.0.0-20230629203738-36ef4d8c0dbb           go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/go-actions-cache                                        v0.0.0-20220404170428-0bdeb6e1eac7           go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/go-archvariant                                          v1.0.0                                       go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/units                                                   v0.0.0-20180711220420-6950e57a87ea           go-module     
github.com/tonistiigi/vt100                                                   v0.0.0-20230623042737-f9a4f7ef6531           go-module     
github.com/urfave/cli                                                         v1.22.1                                      go-module     
github.com/urfave/cli                                                         v1.22.12                                     go-module     
github.com/vbatts/tar-split                                                   v0.11.5                                      go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.1.0                                       go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.2.1-beta.2                                go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20191106174202-0a2b9b5464df           go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20210104183010-2eb08e3e575f           go-module     
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.4                                       go-module     
github.com/weppos/publicsuffix-go                                             v0.15.1-0.20210511084619-b1f36a2d6c0b        go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonpointer                                              v0.0.0-20190905194746-02993c407bfb           go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonreference                                            v0.0.0-20180127040603-bd5ef7bd5415           go-module     
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonschema                                               v1.2.0                                       go-module     
github.com/zclconf/go-cty                                                     v1.14.1                                      go-module     
github.com/zmap/zcrypto                                                       v0.0.0-20210511125630-18f1e0152cfc           go-module     
github.com/zmap/zlint/v3                                                      v3.1.0                                       go-module     
glib                                                                          2.78.4-r0                                    apk           
glslang-libs                                                                  1.3.261.1-r0                                 apk           
gmp                                                                           6.3.0-r0                                     apk           
gnupg-dirmngr                                                                 2.4.4-r0                                     apk           
gnupg-gpgconf                                                                 2.4.4-r0                                     apk           
gnupg-keyboxd                                                                 2.4.4-r0                                     apk           
gnutls                                                                        3.8.3-r0                                     apk           
go.etcd.io/bbolt                                                              v1.3.7                                       go-module     
go.etcd.io/etcd/client/pkg/v3                                                 v3.5.6                                       go-module     
go.etcd.io/etcd/pkg/v3                                                        v3.5.6                                       go-module     
go.etcd.io/etcd/raft/v3                                                       v3.5.6                                       go-module     
go.etcd.io/etcd/server/v3                                                     v3.5.6                                       go-module     
go.mozilla.org/pkcs7                                                          v0.0.0-20200128120323-432b2356ecb1           go-module     
go.opencensus.io                                                              v0.24.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.40.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.45.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace  v0.40.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace  v0.45.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp                 v0.40.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp                 v0.45.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.14.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.19.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.14.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.14.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.19.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.14.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.19.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.14.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.19.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric                                               v0.37.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric                                               v1.19.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.14.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.19.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.14.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.19.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.19.0                                      go-module     
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v1.0.0                                       go-module     
go.uber.org/atomic                                                            v1.9.0                                       go-module     
go.uber.org/multierr                                                          v1.8.0                                       go-module     
go.uber.org/zap                                                               v1.21.0                                      go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.14.0                                      go-module     
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.17.0                                      go-module     
golang.org/x/exp                                                              v0.0.0-20230224173230-c95f2b4c22f2           go-module     
golang.org/x/exp                                                              v0.0.0-20230713183714-613f0c0eb8a1           go-module     
golang.org/x/mod                                                              v0.11.0                                      go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.17.0                                      go-module     
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.8.0                                       go-module     
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.10.0                                      go-module     
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.11.0                                      go-module     
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.5.0                                       go-module     
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.3.0                                       go-module     
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.5.0                                       go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.13.0                                      go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.14.0                                      go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.16.0                                      go-module     
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.6.0                                       go-module     
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.13.0                                      go-module     
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.13.0                                      go-module     
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.14.0                                      go-module     
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.0.0-20220210224613-90d013bbcef8           go-module     
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.3.0                                       go-module     
google.golang.org/api                                                         v0.126.0                                     go-module     
google.golang.org/appengine                                                   v1.6.7                                       go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20230306155012-7f2fa6fef1f4           go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20230711160842-782d3b101e98           go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20230822172742-b8732ec3820d           go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto/googleapis/api                                     v0.0.0-20230711160842-782d3b101e98           go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto/googleapis/api                                     v0.0.0-20230822172742-b8732ec3820d           go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto/googleapis/rpc                                     v0.0.0-20230711160842-782d3b101e98           go-module     
google.golang.org/genproto/googleapis/rpc                                     v0.0.0-20230822172742-b8732ec3820d           go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.53.0                                      go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.58.3                                      go-module     
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.59.0                                      go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.27.1                                      go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.30.0                                      go-module     
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.31.0                                      go-module     
gopd                                                                          1.0.1                                        npm           
gopkg.in/inf.v0                                                               v0.9.1                                       go-module     
gopkg.in/square/go-jose.v2                                                    v2.5.1                                       go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                                                              v2.4.0                                       go-module     
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                              v3.0.1                                       go-module     
gpg                                                                           2.4.4-r0                                     apk           
gpg-agent                                                                     2.4.4-r0                                     apk           
gpgme                                                                         1.23.2-r0                                    apk           
gpgmepp                                                                       1.23.2-r0                                    apk           
gpgsm                                                                         2.4.4-r0                                     apk           
graphene                                                                      1.10.8-r4                                    apk           
graphite2                                                                     1.3.14-r6                                    apk           
gsm                                                                           1.0.22-r3                                    apk           
gst-plugins-bad                                                               1.22.8-r0                                    apk           
gst-plugins-base                                                              1.22.8-r0                                    apk           
gstreamer                                                                     1.22.8-r0                                    apk           
gtk+3.0                                                                       3.24.38-r5                                   apk           
gtk-update-icon-cache                                                         3.24.38-r5                                   apk           
gtk4.0                                                                        4.12.4-r0                                    apk           
harfbuzz                                                                      8.3.0-r0                                     apk           
harfbuzz-icu                                                                  8.3.0-r0                                     apk           
has-flag                                                                      4.0.0                                        npm           
has-property-descriptors                                                      1.0.1                                        npm           
has-proto                                                                     1.0.1                                        npm           
has-symbols                                                                   1.0.3                                        npm           
hasown                                                                        2.0.0                                        npm           
heck                                                                          0.4.1                                        rust-crate    
hicolor-icon-theme                                                            0.17-r2                                      apk           
hiredis                                                                       1.2.0-r0                                     apk           
hsqldb                                                                        build-7.6.3.1                                java-archive  
http-errors                                                                   2.0.0                                        npm           
hwdata-pci                                                                    0.377.2-r0                                   apk           
hyphen                                                                        2.8.8-r3                                     apk           
iconv-lite                                                                    0.4.24                                       npm           
icu-data-en                                                                   74.1-r0                                      apk           
icu-libs                                                                      74.1-r0                                      apk           
imath                                                                         3.1.9-r3                                     apk           
imlib2                                                                        1.12.1-r0                                    apk           
inherits                                                                      2.0.4                                        npm           
intel-gmmlib                                                                  22.3.12-r0                                   apk           
intel-media-driver                                                            23.3.5-r0                                    apk           
interpolate_name                                                              0.2.3                                        rust-crate    
io-lifetimes                                                                  1.0.10                                       rust-crate    
ipaddr.js                                                                     1.9.1                                        npm           
iptables                                                                      1.8.10-r3                                    apk           
is-terminal                                                                   0.4.7                                        rust-crate    
iso-codes                                                                     4.15.0-r1                                    apk           
itertools                                                                     0.10.5                                       rust-crate    
ivf                                                                           0.1.2                                        rust-crate    
jaccess                                                                                                                    java-archive  
jake                                                                          10.8.7                                       npm           
java-cacerts                                                                  1.0-r1                                       apk           
java-common                                                                   0.5-r0                                       apk           
java_uno                                                                                                                   java-archive  
jce                                                                           1.8.0_392                                    java-archive  
jfr                                                                           1.8.0_392                                    java-archive  
jq                                                                            1.7.1-r0                                     apk           
js                                                                                                                         java-archive  
jsse                                                                          1.8.0_392                                    java-archive  
juh                                                                                                                        java-archive  
jurt                                                                                                                       java-archive  
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.26.2                                      go-module     
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.26.7                                      go-module     
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.26.2                                      go-module     
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.26.7                                      go-module     
k8s.io/apiserver                                                              v0.26.2                                      go-module     
k8s.io/apiserver                                                              v0.26.7                                      go-module     
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.26.2                                      go-module     
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.26.7                                      go-module     
k8s.io/component-base                                                         v0.26.2                                      go-module     
k8s.io/cri-api                                                                v0.27.1                                      go-module     
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.90.1                                      go-module     
k8s.io/kube-openapi                                                           v0.0.0-20221012153701-172d655c2280           go-module     
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20230220204549-a5ecb0141aa5           go-module     
kclient                                                                       0.3.7                                        npm           
keyutils-libs                                                                 1.6.3-r3                                     apk           
krb5-conf                                                                     1.0-r2                                       apk           
krb5-libs                                                                     1.21.2-r0                                    apk           
lab                                                                           0.11.0                                       rust-crate    
lame-libs                                                                     3.100-r5                                     apk           
lazy_static                                                                   1.4.0                                        rust-crate    
lcms2                                                                         2.15-r4                                      apk           
libSvtAv1Enc                                                                  1.7.0-r0                                     apk           
libabw                                                                        0.1.3-r3                                     apk           
libacl                                                                        2.3.1-r4                                     apk           
libass                                                                        0.17.1-r1                                    apk           
libassuan                                                                     2.5.6-r1                                     apk           
libasyncns                                                                    0.8-r2                                       apk           
libatk-1.0                                                                    2.50.1-r0                                    apk           
libatk-bridge-2.0                                                             2.50.1-r0                                    apk           
libattr                                                                       2.5.1-r5                                     apk           
libbase                                                                       1.1.6                                        java-archive  
libbase64                                                                     0.5.0-r0                                     apk           
libblkid                                                                      2.39.3-r0                                    apk           
libbluray                                                                     1.3.4-r1                                     apk           
libbsd                                                                        0.11.7-r3                                    apk           
libbz2                                                                        1.0.8-r6                                     apk           
libc                                                                          0.2.144                                      rust-crate    
libc                                                                          0.2.149                                      rust-crate    
libc-utils                                                                    0.7.2-r5                                     apk           
libcap2                                                                       2.69-r1                                      apk           
libcdr                                                                        0.1.7-r12                                    apk           
libcom_err                                                                    1.47.0-r5                                    apk           
libcrypto3                                                                    3.1.4-r5                                     apk           
libcurl                                                                       8.5.0-r0                                     apk           
libdav1d                                                                      1.3.0-r0                                     apk           
libdc1394                                                                     2.2.7-r0                                     apk           
libde265                                                                      1.0.15-r0                                    apk           
libdovi                                                                       3.2.0-r1                                     apk           
libdrm                                                                        2.4.118-r0                                   apk           
libe-book                                                                     0.1.3-r23                                    apk           
libedit                                                                       20230828.3.1-r3                              apk           
libelf                                                                        0.190-r1                                     apk           
libepoxy                                                                      1.5.10-r1                                    apk           
libepubgen                                                                    0.1.1-r2                                     apk           
libetonyek                                                                    0.1.10-r9                                    apk           
libexif                                                                       0.6.24-r2                                    apk           
libexpat                                                                      2.5.0-r2                                     apk           
libexttextcat                                                                 3.4.6-r0                                     apk           
libffi                                                                        3.4.4-r3                                     apk           
libflac                                                                       1.4.3-r1                                     apk           
libfontenc                                                                    1.1.7-r4                                     apk           
libfonts                                                                      1.1.6                                        java-archive  
libformula                                                                    1.1.7                                        java-archive  
libfreeaptx                                                                   0.1.1-r1                                     apk           
libfreehand                                                                   0.1.2-r11                                    apk           
libgcc                                                                        13.2.1_git20231014-r0                        apk           
libgcrypt                                                                     1.10.3-r0                                    apk           
libgomp                                                                       13.2.1_git20231014-r0                        apk           
libgpg-error                                                                  1.47-r2                                      apk           
libgtop                                                                       2.41.2-r0                                    apk           
libgudev                                                                      238-r0                                       apk           
libhunspell                                                                   1.7.2-r4                                     apk           
libhwy                                                                        1.0.7-r0                                     apk           
libice                                                                        1.1.1-r5                                     apk           
libid3tag                                                                     0.16.2-r2                                    apk           
libidn2                                                                       2.3.4-r4                                     apk           
libintl                                                                       0.22.3-r0                                    apk           
libixion                                                                      0.19.0-r0                                    apk           
libjpeg-turbo                                                                 3.0.1-r0                                     apk           
libjxl                                                                        0.8.2-r0                                     apk           
libksba                                                                       1.6.5-r0                                     apk           
liblangtag                                                                    0.6.7-r0                                     apk           
liblayout                                                                                                                  java-archive  
libldac                                                                       2.0.2.3-r1                                   apk           
libldap                                                                       2.6.6-r1                                     apk           
liblksctp                                                                     1.0.19-r4                                    apk           
libloader                                                                     1.1.6                                        java-archive  
libltdl                                                                       2.4.7-r3                                     apk           
libmd                                                                         1.1.0-r0                                     apk           
libmnl                                                                        1.0.5-r2                                     apk           
libmodplug                                                                    0.8.9.0-r3                                   apk           
libmount                                                                      2.39.3-r0                                    apk           
libmspub                                                                      0.1.4-r20                                    apk           
libmwaw                                                                       0.3.22-r0                                    apk           
libncursesw                                                                   6.4_p20231125-r0                             apk           
libnftnl                                                                      1.2.6-r0                                     apk           
libnice                                                                       0.1.21-r0                                    apk           
libnotify                                                                     0.8.3-r0                                     apk           
libnumbertext                                                                 1.0.11-r1                                    apk           
libodfgen                                                                     0.1.8-r7                                     apk           
libogg                                                                        1.3.5-r5                                     apk           
libopenmpt                                                                    0.7.3-r1                                     apk           
liborcus                                                                      0.19.1-r0                                    apk           
libpagemaker                                                                  0.0.4-r8                                     apk           
libpanelw                                                                     6.4_p20231125-r0                             apk           
libpaper                                                                      2.1.2-r0                                     apk           
libpciaccess                                                                  0.17-r2                                      apk           
libplacebo                                                                    6.338.1-r0                                   apk           
libpng                                                                        1.6.40-r0                                    apk           
libpq                                                                         16.1-r0                                      apk           
libproc2                                                                      4.0.4-r0                                     apk           
libpulse                                                                      16.1-r11                                     apk           
libqxp                                                                        0.0.2-r10                                    apk           
libraw1394                                                                    2.1.2-r5                                     apk           
libreoffice                                                                                                                java-archive  
libreoffice                                                                   7.6.3.1-r0                                   apk           
libreoffice-base                                                              7.6.3.1-r0                                   apk           
libreoffice-calc                                                              7.6.3.1-r0                                   apk           
libreoffice-common                                                            7.6.3.1-r0                                   apk           
libreoffice-connector-postgres                                                7.6.3.1-r0                                   apk           
libreoffice-draw                                                              7.6.3.1-r0                                   apk           
libreoffice-gtk                                                               7.6.3.1-r0                                   apk           
libreoffice-impress                                                           7.6.3.1-r0                                   apk           
libreoffice-lang-en_us                                                        7.6.3.1-r0                                   apk           
libreoffice-math                                                              7.6.3.1-r0                                   apk           
libreoffice-writer                                                            7.6.3.1-r0                                   apk           
libreofficekit                                                                7.6.3.1-r0                                   apk           
librepository                                                                 1.1.6                                        java-archive  
librevenge                                                                    0.0.5-r1                                     apk           
librist                                                                       0.2.10-r0                                    apk           
librsvg                                                                       2.57.1-r0                                    apk           
librtmp                                                                       2.4_git20190330-r4                           apk           
libsasl                                                                       2.1.28-r5                                    apk           
libseccomp                                                                    2.5.5-r0                                     apk           
libserializer                                                                 1.1.6                                        java-archive  
libsharpyuv                                                                   1.3.2-r0                                     apk           
libsm                                                                         1.2.4-r3                                     apk           
libsndfile                                                                    1.2.2-r0                                     apk           
libsodium                                                                     1.0.19-r0                                    apk           
libsrt                                                                        1.5.3-r0                                     apk           
libsrtp                                                                       2.5.0-r1                                     apk           
libssh                                                                        0.10.6-r0                                    apk           
libssl3                                                                       3.1.4-r5                                     apk           
libstaroffice                                                                 0.0.7-r7                                     apk           
libstdc++                                                                     13.2.1_git20231014-r0                        apk           
libtasn1                                                                      4.19.0-r2                                    apk           
libtheora                                                                     1.1.1-r18                                    apk           
libucontext                                                                   1.2-r2                                       apk           
libunibreak                                                                   5.1-r3                                       apk           
libunistring                                                                  1.1-r2                                       apk           
libusb                                                                        1.0.26-r3                                    apk           
libuuid                                                                       2.39.3-r0                                    apk           
libva                                                                         2.20.0-r0                                    apk           
libva-intel-driver                                                            2.4.1-r0                                     apk           
libvdpau                                                                      1.5-r2                                       apk           
libverto                                                                      0.3.2-r2                                     apk           
libvisio                                                                      0.1.7-r10                                    apk           
libvorbis                                                                     1.3.7-r2                                     apk           
libvpx                                                                        1.13.1-r0                                    apk           
libwebp                                                                       1.3.2-r0                                     apk           
libwebpdemux                                                                  1.3.2-r0                                     apk           
libwebpmux                                                                    1.3.2-r0                                     apk           
libwpd                                                                        0.10.3-r1                                    apk           
libwpg                                                                        0.3.4-r0                                     apk           
libwps                                                                        0.4.14-r0                                    apk           
libx11                                                                        1.8.7-r0                                     apk           
libxau                                                                        1.0.11-r3                                    apk           
libxaw                                                                        1.0.15-r3                                    apk           
libxcb                                                                        1.16-r0                                      apk           
libxcomposite                                                                 0.4.6-r4                                     apk           
libxcursor                                                                    1.2.1-r3                                     apk           
libxdamage                                                                    1.1.6-r4                                     apk           
libxdmcp                                                                      1.1.4-r3                                     apk           
libxext                                                                       1.3.5-r3                                     apk           
libxfce4panel                                                                 4.18.5-r0                                    apk           
libxfce4ui                                                                    4.18.4-r2                                    apk           
libxfce4util                                                                  4.18.1-r1                                    apk           
libxfixes                                                                     6.0.1-r3                                     apk           
libxfont2                                                                     2.0.6-r3                                     apk           
libxft                                                                        2.3.8-r2                                     apk           
libxi                                                                         1.8.1-r2                                     apk           
libxinerama                                                                   1.1.5-r3                                     apk           
libxkbcommon                                                                  1.6.0-r0                                     apk           
libxkbfile                                                                    1.1.2-r2                                     apk           
libxml                                                                        1.1.7                                        java-archive  
libxml2                                                                       2.11.6-r0                                    apk           
libxmu                                                                        1.1.4-r2                                     apk           
libxpm                                                                        3.5.17-r0                                    apk           
libxrandr                                                                     1.5.4-r0                                     apk           
libxrender                                                                    0.9.11-r4                                    apk           
libxscrnsaver                                                                 1.2.4-r2                                     apk           
libxshmfence                                                                  1.3.2-r5                                     apk           
libxslt                                                                       1.1.39-r0                                    apk           
libxt                                                                         1.3.0-r4                                     apk           
libxtables                                                                    1.8.10-r3                                    apk           
libxtst                                                                       1.2.4-r4                                     apk           
libxv                                                                         1.0.12-r4                                    apk           
libxvmc                                                                       1.0.13-r4                                    apk           
libxxf86vm                                                                    1.1.5-r5                                     apk           
libzbar                                                                       0.23.93-r0                                   apk           
libzmf                                                                        0.0.2-r18                                    apk           
libzmq                                                                        4.3.5-r2                                     apk           
lilv-libs                                                                     0.24.22-r0                                   apk           
linux-pam                                                                     1.5.3-r7                                     apk           
linux-raw-sys                                                                 0.3.7                                        rust-crate    
llvm17-libs                                                                   17.0.5-r0                                    apk           
local_policy                                                                                                               java-archive  
localedata                                                                                                                 java-archive  
log                                                                           0.4.17                                       rust-crate    
management-agent                                                                                                           java-archive  
mariadb-connector-c                                                           3.3.8-r0                                     apk           
maybe-rayon                                                                   0.1.1                                        rust-crate    
mbedtls                                                                       2.28.7-r0                                    apk           
mcookie                                                                       2.39.3-r0                                    apk           
media-typer                                                                   0.3.0                                        npm           
memchr                                                                        2.5.0                                        rust-crate    
memoffset                                                                     0.8.0                                        rust-crate    
merge-descriptors                                                             1.0.1                                        npm           
mesa                                                                          23.3.1-r0                                    apk           
mesa-dri-gallium                                                              23.3.1-r0                                    apk           
mesa-egl                                                                      23.3.1-r0                                    apk           
mesa-gbm                                                                      23.3.1-r0                                    apk           
mesa-gl                                                                       23.3.1-r0                                    apk           
mesa-glapi                                                                    23.3.1-r0                                    apk           
mesa-va-gallium                                                               23.3.1-r0                                    apk           
mesa-vulkan-ati                                                               23.3.1-r0                                    apk           
mesa-vulkan-intel                                                             23.3.1-r0                                    apk           
methods                                                                       1.1.2                                        npm           
mime                                                                          1.6.0                                        npm           
mime-db                                                                       1.52.0                                       npm           
mime-types                                                                    2.1.35                                       npm           
minimal-lexical                                                               0.2.1                                        rust-crate    
minimatch                                                                     3.1.2                                        npm           
minimatch                                                                     5.1.6                                        npm           
mkfontscale                                                                   1.2.2-r4                                     apk           
mpdecimal                                                                     2.5.1-r2                                     apk           
mpg123-libs                                                                   1.32.3-r0                                    apk           
ms                                                                            2.0.0                                        npm           
ms                                                                            2.1.2                                        npm           
ms                                                                            2.1.3                                        npm           
musl                                                                          1.2.4_git20230717-r4                         apk           
musl-obstack                                                                  1.2.3-r2                                     apk           
musl-utils                                                                    1.2.4_git20230717-r4                         apk           
mythes                                                                        1.2.4-r3                                     apk           
nan                                                                           2.18.0                                       npm           
nashorn                                                                       1.8.0_392-b08                                java-archive  
ncurses-terminfo-base                                                         6.4_p20231125-r0                             apk           
negotiator                                                                    0.6.3                                        npm           
neon                                                                          0.32.5-r2                                    apk           
netcat-openbsd                                                                1.226-r0                                     apk           
nettle                                                                        3.9.1-r0                                     apk           
new_debug_unreachable                                                         1.0.4                                        rust-crate    
nghttp2-libs                                                                  1.58.0-r0                                    apk           
nginx                                                                         1.24.0-r15                                   apk           
nodejs                                                                        20.11.0-r0                                   apk           
nom                                                                           7.1.3                                        rust-crate    
noop_proc_macro                                                               0.3.0                                        rust-crate    
npth                                                                          1.6-r4                                       apk           
nspr                                                                          4.35-r4                                      apk           
nss                                                                           3.97-r0                                      apk           
num-bigint                                                                    0.4.3                                        rust-crate    
num-derive                                                                    0.3.3                                        rust-crate    
num-integer                                                                   0.1.45                                       rust-crate    
num-rational                                                                  0.4.1                                        rust-crate    
num-traits                                                                    0.2.15                                       rust-crate    
num_cpus                                                                      1.15.0                                       rust-crate    
numactl                                                                       2.0.16-r4                                    apk           
object-assign                                                                 4.1.1                                        npm           
object-inspect                                                                1.13.1                                       npm           
officebean                                                                                                                 java-archive  
on-finished                                                                   2.4.1                                        npm           
once_cell                                                                     1.17.1                                       rust-crate    
onevpl-libs                                                                   2023.3.1-r2                                  apk           
oniguruma                                                                     6.9.9-r0                                     apk           
openal-soft-libs                                                              1.23.1-r0                                    apk           
openbox                                                                       3.6.1-r6                                     apk           
openbox-libs                                                                  3.6.1-r6                                     apk           
openexr-libiex                                                                3.1.11-r0                                    apk           
openexr-libilmthread                                                          3.1.11-r0                                    apk           
openexr-libopenexr                                                            3.1.11-r0                                    apk           
openjdk8-jre                                                                  8.392.08-r1                                  apk           
openjdk8-jre-base                                                             8.392.08-r1                                  apk           
openjdk8-jre-lib                                                              8.392.08-r1                                  apk           
openjpeg                                                                      2.5.0-r3                                     apk           
openssh-client-common                                                         9.6_p1-r0                                    apk           
openssh-client-default                                                        9.6_p1-r0                                    apk           
openssh-keygen                                                                9.6_p1-r0                                    apk           
openssl                                                                       3.1.4-r5                                     apk           
opus                                                                          1.4-r0                                       apk           
orc                                                                           0.4.34-r0                                    apk           
os_str_bytes                                                                  6.5.0                                        rust-crate    
p11-kit                                                                       0.25.3-r0                                    apk           
p11-kit-trust                                                                 0.25.3-r0                                    apk           
pango                                                                         1.51.0-r0                                    apk           
parseurl                                                                      1.3.3                                        npm           
paste                                                                         1.0.12                                       rust-crate    
path-to-regexp                                                                0.1.7                                        npm           
pciutils-libs                                                                 3.10.0-r0                                    apk           
pcre                                                                          8.45-r3                                      apk           
pcre2                                                                         10.42-r2                                     apk           
pcsc-lite-libs                                                                2.0.0-r2                                     apk           
perl                                                                          5.38.2-r0                                    apk           
perl-b-hooks-endofscope                                                       0.26-r2                                      apk           
perl-class-data-inheritable                                                   0.09-r1                                      apk           
perl-class-inspector                                                          1.36-r3                                      apk           
perl-class-singleton                                                          1.6-r1                                       apk           
perl-clone                                                                    0.46-r2                                      apk           
perl-datetime                                                                 1.65-r0                                      apk           
perl-datetime-locale                                                          1.40-r0                                      apk           
perl-datetime-timezone                                                        2.60-r1                                      apk           
perl-devel-stacktrace                                                         2.04-r5                                      apk           
perl-dist-checkconflicts                                                      0.11-r4                                      apk           
perl-eval-closure                                                             0.14-r4                                      apk           
perl-exception-class                                                          1.45-r1                                      apk           
perl-exporter-tiny                                                            1.006002-r1                                  apk           
perl-file-sharedir                                                            1.118-r1                                     apk           
perl-hash-merge-simple                                                        0.051-r4                                     apk           
perl-importer                                                                 0.026-r2                                     apk           
perl-ipc-run3                                                                 0.048-r4                                     apk           
perl-list-moreutils                                                           0.430-r1                                     apk           
perl-list-moreutils-xs                                                        0.430-r4                                     apk           
perl-module-implementation                                                    0.09-r5                                      apk           
perl-module-pluggable                                                         5.2-r4                                       apk           
perl-module-runtime                                                           0.016-r6                                     apk           
perl-mro-compat                                                               0.15-r2                                      apk           
perl-namespace-autoclean                                                      0.29-r3                                      apk           
perl-namespace-clean                                                          0.27-r4                                      apk           
perl-package-stash                                                            0.40-r1                                      apk           
perl-params-validationcompiler                                                0.31-r1                                      apk           
perl-role-tiny                                                                2.002004-r2                                  apk           
perl-scope-guard                                                              0.21-r4                                      apk           
perl-specio                                                                   0.48-r1                                      apk           
perl-sub-exporter-progressive                                                 0.001013-r4                                  apk           
perl-sub-identify                                                             0.14-r10                                     apk           
perl-sub-info                                                                 0.002-r5                                     apk           
perl-sub-quote                                                                2.006008-r1                                  apk           
perl-switch                                                                   2.17-r4                                      apk           
perl-term-table                                                               0.018-r0                                     apk           
perl-test-fatal                                                               0.017-r1                                     apk           
perl-test-simple                                                              1.302198-r0                                  apk           
perl-test-without-module                                                      0.21-r1                                      apk           
perl-test2-plugin-nowarnings                                                  0.09-r2                                      apk           
perl-test2-suite                                                              0.000159-r0                                  apk           
perl-try-tiny                                                                 0.31-r2                                      apk           
perl-yaml-tiny                                                                1.74-r1                                      apk           
pinentry                                                                      1.2.1-r1                                     apk           
pixman                                                                        0.42.2-r2                                    apk           
pkgconf                                                                       2.1.0-r0                                     apk           
poppler                                                                       23.10.0-r0                                   apk           
poppler-utils                                                                 23.10.0-r0                                   apk           
ppv-lite86                                                                    0.2.17                                       rust-crate    
proc-macro-error                                                              1.0.4                                        rust-crate    
proc-macro-error-attr                                                         1.0.4                                        rust-crate    
proc-macro2                                                                   1.0.57                                       rust-crate    
procps-ng                                                                     4.0.4-r0                                     apk           
proxy-addr                                                                    2.0.7                                        npm           
pulseaudio                                                                    16.1-r11                                     apk           
pulseaudio-alsa                                                               16.1-r11                                     apk           
pulseaudio-utils                                                              16.1-r11                                     apk           
pulseaudio2                                                                   0.5.5                                        npm           
py3-xdg                                                                       0.28-r2                                      apk           
py3-xdg-pyc                                                                   0.28-r2                                      apk           
pyc                                                                           3.11.6-r1                                    apk           
python3                                                                       3.11.6-r1                                    apk           
python3-pyc                                                                   3.11.6-r1                                    apk           
python3-pycache-pyc0                                                          3.11.6-r1                                    apk           
pyxdg                                                                         0.28                                         python        
qs                                                                            6.11.0                                       npm           
query                                                                                                                      java-archive  
quote                                                                         1.0.27                                       rust-crate    
radium                                                                        0.7.0                                        rust-crate    
rand                                                                          0.8.5                                        rust-crate    
rand_chacha                                                                   0.3.1                                        rust-crate    
rand_core                                                                     0.6.4                                        rust-crate    
range-parser                                                                  1.2.1                                        npm           
raptor2                                                                       2.0.16-r1                                    apk           
rasqal                                                                        0.9.33-r3                                    apk           
rav1e                                                                         0.6.6                                        rust-crate    
rav1e-libs                                                                    0.6.6-r2                                     apk           
raw-body                                                                      2.5.1                                        npm           
rayon                                                                         1.7.0                                        rust-crate    
rayon-core                                                                    1.11.0                                       rust-crate    
readline                                                                      8.2.1-r2                                     apk           
redland                                                                       1.0.17-r2                                    apk           
report                                                                                                                     java-archive  
reportbuilder                                                                                                              java-archive  
reportbuilderwizard                                                                                                        java-archive  
resenje.org/singleflight                                                      v0.4.1                                       go-module     
resources                                                                     1.8.0_392                                    java-archive  
ridl                                                                                                                       java-archive  
rt                                                                            1.8.0_392                                    java-archive  
runc                                                                          1.1.12-r0                                    apk           
rust_hawktracer                                                               0.7.0                                        rust-crate    
rust_hawktracer_normal_macro                                                  0.4.1                                        rust-crate    
rust_hawktracer_proc_macro                                                    0.4.1                                        rust-crate    
rustix                                                                        0.37.19                                      rust-crate    
sac                                                                                                                        java-archive  
safe-buffer                                                                   5.2.1                                        npm           
safer-buffer                                                                  2.1.2                                        npm           
sbc                                                                           2.0-r1                                       apk           
scan_fmt                                                                      0.2.6                                        rust-crate    
scanelf                                                                       1.3.7-r2                                     apk           
scopeguard                                                                    1.1.0                                        rust-crate    
sdbc_hsqldb                                                                                                                java-archive  
sdl2                                                                          2.28.5-r0                                    apk           
send                                                                          0.18.0                                       npm           
serd-libs                                                                     0.32.0-r0                                    apk           
serde                                                                         1.0.163                                      rust-crate    
serde_derive                                                                  1.0.163                                      rust-crate    
serve-static                                                                  1.15.0                                       npm           
set-function-length                                                           1.2.0                                        npm           
setprototypeof                                                                1.2.0                                        npm           
setxkbmap                                                                     1.3.4-r0                                     apk           
shaderc                                                                       2023.7-r0                                    apk           
shadow                                                                        4.14.2-r0                                    apk           
shared-mime-info                                                              2.4-r0                                       apk           
side-channel                                                                  1.0.4                                        npm           
signal-hook                                                                   0.3.15                                       rust-crate    
signal-hook-registry                                                          1.4.1                                        rust-crate    
sigs.k8s.io/json                                                              v0.0.0-20220713155537-f223a00ba0e2           go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.2.3                                       go-module     
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                              v1.3.0                                       go-module     
simd_helpers                                                                  0.1.0                                        rust-crate    
skalibs                                                                       2.14.0.1-r0                                  apk           
smoketest                                                                                                                  java-archive  
socket.io                                                                     4.7.4                                        npm           
socket.io-adapter                                                             2.5.2                                        npm           
socket.io-parser                                                              4.2.4                                        npm           
sord-libs                                                                     0.16.16-r0                                   apk           
soundtouch                                                                    2.3.2-r4                                     apk           
soxr                                                                          0.1.3-r7                                     apk           
spandsp                                                                       0.0.6-r5                                     apk           
speexdsp                                                                      1.2.1-r2                                     apk           
spirv-tools                                                                   1.3.261.1-r0                                 apk           
sqlite-libs                                                                   3.44.2-r0                                    apk           
sratom                                                                        0.6.16-r0                                    apk           
ssl_client                                                                    1.36.1-r15                                   apk           
st                                                                            0.9-r1                                       apk           
startup-notification                                                          0.12-r7                                      apk           
statuses                                                                      2.0.1                                        npm           
stdlib                                                                        go1.21.3                                     go-module     
stdlib                                                                        go1.21.4                                     go-module     
stdlib                                                                        go1.21.6                                     go-module     
sudo                                                                          1.9.15_p2-r0                                 apk           
sunec                                                                         1.8.0_392                                    java-archive  
sunjce_provider                                                               1.8.0_392                                    java-archive  
sunpkcs11                                                                     1.8.0_392                                    java-archive  
supports-color                                                                7.2.0                                        npm           
syn                                                                           1.0.109                                      rust-crate    
syn                                                                           2.0.16                                       rust-crate    
table                                                                                                                      java-archive  
tags.cncf.io/container-device-interface                                       v0.6.2                                       go-module     
tags.cncf.io/container-device-interface/specs-go                              v0.6.0                                       go-module     
tap                                                                           1.0.1                                        rust-crate    
tar                                                                           1.35-r2                                      apk           
tdb-libs                                                                      1.4.9-r0                                     apk           
termcolor                                                                     1.2.0                                        rust-crate    
terminal_size                                                                 0.2.6                                        rust-crate    
thiserror                                                                     1.0.40                                       rust-crate    
thiserror-impl                                                                1.0.40                                       rust-crate    
thunar                                                                        4.18.8-r0                                    apk           
tiff                                                                          4.6.0-r0                                     apk           
tini-static                                                                   0.19.0-r2                                    apk           
tint2                                                                         17.1.3-r1                                    apk           
toidentifier                                                                  1.0.1                                        npm           
tslib                                                                         1.22-r1                                      apk           
type-is                                                                       1.6.18                                       npm           
tzdata                                                                        2024a-r0                                     apk           
undici-types                                                                  5.26.5                                       npm           
unicode-ident                                                                 1.0.8                                        rust-crate    
unicode-width                                                                 0.1.10                                       rust-crate    
unoil                                                                                                                      java-archive  
unoloader                                                                                                                  java-archive  
unpipe                                                                        1.0.0                                        npm           
utils-merge                                                                   1.0.1                                        npm           
utmps-libs                                                                    0.1.2.2-r0                                   apk           
v4l-utils-libs                                                                1.24.1-r1                                    apk           
v_frame                                                                       0.3.3                                        rust-crate    
vary                                                                          1.1.2                                        npm           
vidstab                                                                       1.1.1-r0                                     apk           
vo-aacenc                                                                     0.1.3-r2                                     apk           
vo-amrwbenc                                                                   0.1.3-r2                                     apk           
vulkan-loader                                                                 1.3.261.1-r0                                 apk           
wayland-libs-client                                                           1.22.0-r4                                    apk           
wayland-libs-cursor                                                           1.22.0-r4                                    apk           
wayland-libs-egl                                                              1.22.0-r4                                    apk           
wayland-libs-server                                                           1.22.0-r4                                    apk           
webrtc-audio-processing                                                       0.3.1-r6                                     apk           
ws                                                                            8.11.0                                       npm           
wyz                                                                           0.5.1                                        rust-crate    
x264-libs                                                                     0.164_git20231001-r0                         apk           
x265-libs                                                                     3.5-r4                                       apk           
xauth                                                                         1.1.2-r1                                     apk           
xcb-util                                                                      0.4.1-r3                                     apk           
xf86-video-amdgpu                                                             23.0.0-r2                                    apk           
xf86-video-ati                                                                22.0.0-r2                                    apk           
xf86-video-intel                                                              2.99.917_git20221028-r6                      apk           
xf86-video-nouveau                                                            1.0.17-r4                                    apk           
xf86-video-qxl                                                                0.1.6-r2                                     apk           
xfconf                                                                        4.18.3-r0                                    apk           
xkbcomp                                                                       1.4.6-r1                                     apk           
xkeyboard-config                                                              2.40-r0                                      apk           
xmerge                                                                        #IMPL-VERSION#                               java-archive  
xmlsec                                                                        1.3.2-r0                                     apk           
xmlsec-nss                                                                    1.3.2-r0                                     apk           
xterm                                                                         388-r0                                       apk           
xvidcore                                                                      1.3.7-r2                                     apk           
xz-libs                                                                       5.4.5-r0                                     apk           
y4m                                                                           0.8.0                                        rust-crate    
yajl                                                                          2.1.0-r8                                     apk           
zimg                                                                          3.0.5-r2                                     apk           
zipfs                                                                         1.8.0_392                                    java-archive  
zix-libs                                                                      0.4.2-r0                                     apk           
zlib                                                                          1.3.1-r0                                     apk           
zstd-libs                                                                     1.5.5-r8                                     apk           
zxing-cpp                                                                     2.1.0-r0                                     apk           
